(Breathing)
(Varys) YOU'VE SEEN
BETTER DAYS. MY LORD.
ANOTHER VISIT ?
IT SEEMS YOU'RE
MY LAST FRIEND.
NO. NO. MANY
STILL LOVE YOU.
SANSA CAME TO COURT
THIS MORNING TO PLEAD
FOR YOUR LIFE.
ON HER KNEES
BEGGING FOR ME. HM !
DID YOU LAUGH
WITH THE OTHERS ?
YOU DO ME WRONG. MY LORD.
YOUR BLOOD IS THE
LAST THING I WANT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU WANT.
I'VE GIVEN UP
TRYING TO GUESS.
WHEN I WAS
STILL A BOY...
BEFORE THEY CUT
MY BALLS OFF WITH
A HOT KNIFE...
I TRAVELED WITH A GROUP OF
ACTORS THROUGH THE FREE CITIES.
THEY TAUGHT ME THAT EACH
MAN HAS A ROLE TO PLAY.
THE SAME IS
TRUE AT COURT.
I AM THE MASTER
OF WHISPERERS.
MY ROLE IS TO
BE SLY. OBSEQUIOUS
AND WITHOUT SCRUPLES.
I'M A GOOD ACTOR.
MY LORD.
HUH. CAN YOU FREE
ME FROM THIS PIT ?
I COULD.
BUT WILL I ?
NO.
(Laughs)
AS I SAID.
I'M NO HERO.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
TELL ME.
NO RIDDLES. NO STORIES.
TELL ME. WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
PEACE.
DID YOU KNOW THAT YOUR
SON IS MARCHING SOUTH...
WITH AN ARMY OF NORTHMEN ?
LOYAL LAD.
FIGHTING FOR HIS
FATHER'S FREEDOM.
ROBB ?
HE'S JUST A BOY.
BOYS HAVE BEEN
CONQUERORS BEFORE.
BUT THE MAN GIVING CERSEI
SLEEPLESS NIGHTS
IS THE KING'S--
THE LATE KING'S
BROTHER.
LORD STANNIS HAS THE
BEST CLAIM TO THE THRONE.
HE IS A PROVEN BATTLE
COMMANDER AND HE IS
UTTERLY WITHOUT MERCY.
STANNIS BARATHEON IS
ROBERT'S TRUE HEIR. THE
THRONE IS HIS BY RIGHTS.
(Varys tuts)
SANSA PLEADED SO
SWEETLY FOR YOUR LIFE.
IT WOULD BE A SHAME
TO THROW IT AWAY.
CERSEI IS NO FOOL.
SHE KNOWS A TAME WOLF
IS MORE USE TO HER
THAN A DEAD ONE.
YOU WANT ME TO
SERVE THE WOMAN WHO
MURDERED MY KING...
WHO BUTCHERED MY MEN.
WHO CRIPPLED MY SON ?
I WANT YOU TO
SERVE THE REALM !
TELL THE QUEEN
YOU WILL CONFESS
YOUR VILE TREASON...
TELL YOUR SON TO LAY
DOWN HIS SWORD...
AND PROCLAIM JOFFREY
AS THE TRUE HEIR.
CERSEI KNOWS YOU
AS A MAN OF HONOR.
IF YOU GIVE HER THE
PEACE SHE NEEDS...
AND PROMISE TO CARRY HER
SECRET TO YOUR GRAVE...
I BELIEVE SHE WILL ALLOW
YOU TO TAKE THE BLACK...
AND LIVE OUT YOUR DAYS ON
THE WALL WITH YOUR BROTHER
AND YOUR BASTARD SON.
(Chuckles)
YOU THINK MY LIFE
IS SOME PRECIOUS
THING TO ME ?
THAT I WOULD TRADE
MY HONOR FOR A FEW
MORE YEARS OF...
OF WHAT ?
YOU GREW UP
WITH ACTORS.
YOU LEARNED THEIR
CRAFT AND YOU
LEARNT IT WELL.
BUT I GREW UP
WITH SOLDIERS.
I LEARNED HOW TO
DIE A LONG TIME AGO.
PITY.
SUCH A PITY.
WHAT OF YOUR DAUGHTER'S
LIFE. MY LORD ?
IS THAT A PRECIOUS
THING TO YOU ?
(Water dripping)
(Cawing)
(Arrow whooshes)
IT'S A BIRTHDAY MESSAGE
TO HIS GRAND-NIECE WALDA.
OR SO WALDER FREY
WOULD HAVE YOU THINK.
KEEP SHOOTING THEM DOWN.
WE CAN'T RISK LORD WALDER...
SENDING WORD OF YOUR MOVEMENTS
TO THE LANNISTERS.
HE'S GRANDFATHER'S BANNERMAN.
WE CAN'T EXPECT HIS SUPPORT ?
(Greatjon) EXPECT NOTHING
OF WALDER FREY AND YOU'LL
NEVER BE SURPRISED.
LOOK.
(Robb) FATHER ROTS IN A DUNGEON.
HOW LONG BEFORE
THEY TAKE HIS HEAD ?
WE NEED TO CROSS
THE TRIDENT AND WE
NEED TO DO IT NOW.
JUST MARCH UP TO HIS GATES
AND TELL HIM YOU'RE CROSSING.
WE'VE GOT FIVE TIMES HIS
NUMBERS. YOU CAN TAKE
THE TWINS IF YOU HAVE TO.
(Greatjon) NOT IN TIME.
TYWIN LANNISTER MARCHES
NORTH AS WE SPEAK.
THE FREYS HAVE HELD THE
CROSSING FOR 600 YEARS...
AND FOR 600 YEARS THEY
HAVE NEVER FAILED TO
EXACT THEIR TOLL.
HAVE MY HORSE SADDLED
AND READY.
ENTER THE TWINS ALONE
AND HE'LL SELL YOU TO
THE LANNISTERS AS HE LIKES.
OR THROW YOU IN A DUNGEON.
OR SLIT YOUR THROAT.
MY FATHER WOULD DO
WHATEVER IT TOOK TO
SECURE OUR CROSSING.
WHATEVER IT TOOK.
IF I'M GOING TO
LEAD THIS ARMY...
I CAN'T HAVE
OTHER MEN DOING MY
BARGAINING FOR ME.
I AGREE.
I'LL GO.
(Theon) YOU CAN'T !
I HAVE KNOWN LORD WALDER
SINCE I WAS A GIRL.
HE WOULD NEVER HARM ME.
(Greatjon) UNLESS THERE
WAS A PROFIT IN IT.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
IT IS A GREAT PLEASURE
TO SEE YOU AGAIN...
AFTER SO MANY YEARS.
MY LORD.
OH. SPARE ME.
YOUR BOY'S TOO PROUD TO
COME BEFORE ME HIMSELF.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO DO WITH YOU ?
FATHER. YOU FORGET YOURSELF.
LADY STARK IS HERE...
WHO ASKED YOU ? YOU'RE NOT
LORD FREY YET. NOT UNTIL I DIE.
DO I LOOK DEAD TO YOU ?
FATHER. PLEASE--
I NEED LESSONS IN COURTESY
FROM YOU. BASTARD ?
YOUR MOTHER WOULD
STILL BE A MILKMAID...
IF I HADN'T SQUIRTED
YOU INTO HER BELLY.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU COME FORWARD.
(Smacking kiss)
THERE. NOW THAT I'VE
OBSERVED THE COURTESIES...
PERHAPS MY SONS WILL DO ME THE
HONOR OF SHUTTING THEIR MOUTHS.
IS THERE SOMEWHERE
WE CAN TALK ?
WE'RE TALKING RIGHT NOW.
FINE.
OUT ! ALL OF YOU !
OH !
YOU TOO.
YOU SEE THAT ?
FIFTEEN. SHE IS.
A LITTLE FLOWER.
AND HER HONEY'S ALL MINE.
(Chuckles)
I'M SURE SHE WILL
GIVE YOU MANY SONS.
HUH. YOUR FATHER DIDN'T
COME TO THE WEDDING.
HE IS QUITE ILL. MY LORD.
HUH. DIDN'T COME TO
THE LAST ONE. EITHER.
OR THE ONE BEFORE THAT.
YOUR FAMILY HAS
ALWAYS PISSED ON ME.
MY LORD. I...
DON'T DENY IT.
YOU KNOW IT'S TRUE.
THE FINE LORD TULLY
WOULD NEVER MARRY ANY
OF HIS CHILDREN TO MINE.
I'M SURE THERE WERE REASONS...
I DIDN'T NEED REASONS.
I NEEDED TO GET RID OF
SONS AND DAUGHTERS.
YOU SEE HOW THEY PILE UP ?
WHY ARE YOU HERE ?
TO ASK YOU...
TO OPEN YOUR GATES.
MY LORD...
SO MY SON AND HIS BANNERMEN
MAY CROSS THE TRIDENT
AND BE ON THEIR WAY.
WHY SHOULD I LET HIM ?
IF YOU COULD CLIMB
YOUR OWN BATTLEMENTS...
YOU WOULD SEE THAT
HE HAS 20.000 MEN
OUTSIDE YOUR WALLS.
THEY'LL BE 20.000
CORPSES WHEN TYWIN
LANNISTER GETS HERE.
DON'T TRY AND
FRIGHTEN ME.
LADY STARK.
YOUR HUSBAND'S IN A CELL
BENEATH THE RED KEEP...
AND YOUR SON'S GOT NO FUR
TO KEEP HIS BALLS WARM.
YOU SWORE AN OATH
TO MY FATHER.
OH. YES.
I SAID SOME WORDS.
AND I SWORE OATHS TO THE CROWN
TOO. IF I REMEMBER RIGHT.
JOFFREY'S KING NOW. WHICH
MAKES YOUR BOY AND HIS
CORPSES-TO-BE...
NOTHING BUT REBELS.
IT SEEMS TO ME.
IF I HAD THE SENSE
THE GODS GAVE A FISH...
I'D HAND YOU BOTH OVER
TO THE LANNISTERS.
WHY DON'T YOU ?
STARK. TULLY.
LANNISTER. BARATHEON.
GIVE ME ONE GOOD REASON...
WHY I SHOULD WASTE A SINGLE
THOUGHT ON ANY OF YOU ?
(Man) AND...ENGAGE !
(Wind howls)
(Door slams)
WHEN DOES AEMON
THINK YOU'LL BE ABLE
TO USE THAT HAND ?
SOON. HE SAYS.
GOOD.
YOU'LL BE READY
FOR THIS. THEN.
I THOUGHT A WOLF WAS
MORE APPROPRIATE FOR
YOU THAN A BEAR...
SO I HAD A NEW
POMMEL MADE.
IT'S CALLED LONGCLAW.
WORKS AS WELL FOR
A WOLF AS A BEAR.
I THINK.
THIS IS VALYRIAN STEEL.
IT WAS MY FATHER'S SWORD.
HIS FATHER BEFORE HIM.
THE MORMONTS HAVE
CARRIED IT FOR
FIVE CENTURIES.
IT WAS MEANT FOR
MY SON JORAH.
HE BROUGHT DISHONOR
TO OUR HOUSE...
BUT HE HAD THE GRACE
TO LEAVE THE SWORD...
BEFORE HE FLED
FROM WESTEROS.
MY LORD. YOU HONOR ME.
BUT I CAN'T--
OH. YOU CAN.
AND YOU WILL.
I WOULDN'T BE STANDING
HERE IF IT WASN'T FOR
YOU AND YOUR BEAST.
A BLOODY DEAD MAN
TRIED TO KILL ME.
SO YOU'LL TAKE IT.
I'LL HEAR NO
MORE ABOUT IT.
IS THAT UNDERSTOOD ?
YES. MY LORD.
RIGHT.
NOW. DON'T THINK
THIS MEANS...
I APPROVE OF THIS NONSENSE
WITH YOU AND ALLISER THORNE.
THAT'S A MAN'S SWORD.
IT'LL TAKE A MAN
TO WIELD IT.
I'LL APOLOGIZE TO
SER ALLISER TONIGHT.
NO. YOU WON'T.
I SENT HIM TO KING'S
LANDING YESTERDAY.
THE HAND THAT YOUR
WOLF TORE OFF THAT
THING'S WRIST...
I'VE. UH. ORDERED
THORNE TO LAY IT AT
THE FEET OF THIS...
BOY KING.
THAT SHOULD GET YOUNG
JOFFREY'S ATTENTION.
AND IT. UH. PUTS
A THOUSAND LEAGUES
BETWEEN YOU AND THORNE.
NOW GO AND
PUT YOUR SWORD
SOMEWHERE SAFE...
AND BRING ME MY SUPPER.
YES. MY LORD.
WELL DONE.
YOU EARNED THAT. SNOW.
GO ON. LET'S HAVE A LOOK.
AT WHAT ?
(Grenn) THE SWORD !
SHOW US THE SWORD.
(All) SWORD ! SWORD !
SWORD ! SWORD !
SWORD ! SWORD ! SWORD !
(Laughter. cheering)
LET'S HAVE A LOOK.
PISS OFF.
(Laughter. excited chatter)
COME ON. I WANT TO HAVE A
LOOK AT IT IN THE LIGHT.
(Pyp) GIVE IT HERE !
WHAT IS IT ?
I...
LOOK AT ITS EYES.
GIVE IT.
I CAN'T.
YOU CAN'T WHAT ?
I...
I'M REALLY NOT
SUPPOSED TO SAY.
AND YET YOU REALLY
WANT TO SAY.
YOU WANT TO
SAY THAT-- ?
THERE WAS A RAVEN.
I READ THE MESSAGE
TO MAESTER AEMON.
IT'S YOUR BROTHER ROBB.
WHAT ?
WHAT ABOUT HIM ?
HE'S HEADING SOUTH.
TO WAR.
ALL HIS BANNERMEN
HAVE RALLIED TO HIS SIDE.
THEY'LL KEEP HIM SAFE.
I SHOULD BE THERE.
I SHOULD BE WITH HIM.
(Hoofbeats approaching)
IF WE DO THAT.
THEY'LL NEVER GET BACK ACROSS.
(Robb) WELL ?
WHAT DID HE SAY ?
LORD WALDER HAS
GRANTED YOUR CROSSING.
HIS MEN ARE YOURS. AS WELL.
(Greatjon) HUH.
LESS THE 400 HE
WILL KEEP HERE TO
HOLD THE CROSSING...
AGAINST ANY WHO
WOULD PURSUE YOU.
WHAT DOES HE
WANT IN RETURN ?
YOU WILL BE TAKING ON HIS SON
OLYVAR AS YOUR PERSONAL SQUIRE.
HE EXPECTS A KNIGHTHOOD
IN GOOD TIME.
FINE. FINE.
AND ?
AND ARYA...
WILL MARRY HIS SON WALDRON
WHEN THEY BOTH COME OF AGE.
SHE WON'T BE HAPPY ABOUT THAT.
HM.
AND ?
AND...
WHEN THE FIGHTING IS DONE...
YOU WILL MARRY ONE
OF HIS DAUGHTERS.
WHICHEVER YOU PREFER.
HE HAS A NUMBER HE
THINKS WILL BE...SUITABLE.
I SEE.
DID YOU GET A LOOK
AT HIS DAUGHTERS ?
(Snickering)
I DID.
AND ?
ONE WAS--
DO YOU CONSENT ?
CAN I REFUSE ?
NOT IF YOU WANT TO CROSS.
THEN I CONSENT.
(Chuckles)
(Cawing)
SAM SAID YOU
WANTED TO SEE ME ?
I DID INDEED.
PERHAPS YOU WOULD BE
KIND ENOUGH TO ASSIST ME.
TELL ME. DID YOU EVER
WONDER WHY THE MEN OF
THE NIGHT'S WATCH...
TAKE NO WIVES AND
FATHER NO CHILDREN ?
NO.
SO THEY WILL NOT LOVE.
LOVE IS THE DEATH OF DUTY.
IF THE DAY SHOULD EVER
COME WHEN YOUR LORD FATHER
WAS FORCED TO CHOOSE...
BETWEEN HONOR ON
THE ONE HAND...
AND THOSE HE LOVES
ON THE OTHER...
WHAT WOULD HE DO ?
HE...
HE WOULD DO WHATEVER WAS
RIGHT. NO MATTER WHAT.
THEN LORD STARK IS
ONE MAN IN 10.000.
MOST OF US ARE
NOT SO STRONG.
WHAT IS HONOR...
COMPARED TO A
WOMAN'S LOVE ?
AND WHAT IS DUTY...
AGAINST THE FEEL OF A
NEWBORN SON IN YOUR ARMS ?
OR A BROTHER'S SMILE ?
SAM TOLD YOU.
WE'RE ALL HUMAN.
OH. WE ALL DO OUR
DUTY WHEN THERE'S
NO COST TO IT.
HONOR COMES EASY THEN.
YET...
SOONER OR LATER...
IN EVERY MAN'S LIFE...
THERE COMES A DAY
WHEN IT IS NOT EASY.
A DAY WHEN HE
MUST CHOOSE.
AND THIS IS MY DAY ?
IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING ?
OH. IT HURTS. BOY.
OH. YES.
I KNOW.
YOU DO NOT KNOW.
NO ONE KNOWS.
I MAY BE A BASTARD...
BUT HE IS MY FATHER
AND ROBB IS MY BROTHER.
(Chuckles)
THE GODS WERE CRUEL
WHEN THEY SAW FIT
TO TEST MY VOWS.
THEY WAITED
TILL I WAS OLD.
WHAT COULD I DO WHEN
THE RAVENS BROUGHT THE
NEWS FROM THE SOUTH...
THE RUIN OF MY HOUSE.
THE DEATH OF MY FAMILY ?
I WAS HELPLESS...
BLIND. FRAIL.
BUT...
WHEN I HEARD THEY HAD
KILLED MY BROTHER'S SON...
AND HIS POOR SON...
AND THE CHILDREN !
EVEN THE LITTLE CHILDREN.
WHO ARE YOU ?
MY FATHER WAS MAEKAR...
THE FIRST OF HIS NAME.
MY BROTHER AEGON
REIGNED AFTER HIM...
WHEN I HAD REFUSED
THE THRONE.
AND HE WAS FOLLOWED
BY HIS SON AERYS...
WHOM THEY CALLED
THE MAD KING.
YOU'RE AEMON TARGARYEN.
I'M A MAESTER
OF THE CITADEL...
BOUND IN SERVICE
TO CASTLE BLACK AND
THE NIGHT'S WATCH.
I WILL NOT TELL YOU...
TO STAY OR GO.
YOU MUST MAKE THAT
CHOICE YOURSELF...
AND LIVE WITH IT FOR
THE REST OF YOUR DAYS.
AS I HAVE.
DROGO.
(Mutters)
(Grunts)
HYAH ! HYAH !
(Kevan) OUR SCOUTS TELL
US THE STARK HOST HAS MOVED
SOUTH FROM THE TWINS...
WITH LORD FREY'S LEVIES IN TOW.
THEY'RE A DAY'S MARCH NORTH.
THE BOY MAY LACK
EXPERIENCE AND SENSE...
BUT HE DOES HAVE A
CERTAIN MINDLESS...
PROVINCIAL COURAGE.
AH.
OH. DO CONTINUE.
DIDN'T MEAN TO INTERRUPT.
I DO HOPE YOUR SAVAGES ARE
GOING TO BE OF SOME USE...
OTHERWISE WE'VE WASTED
GOOD STEEL ON THEM.
THE GREAT HAIRY ONE INSISTED
HE MUST HAVE TWO BATTLEAXES.
HEAVY BLACK STEEL. DOUBLE-SIDED.
SHAGGA LIKES AXES.
WHEN THE BATTLE COMMENCES.
YOU AND YOUR WILDLINGS
WILL BE IN THE VANGUARD.
THE VANGUARD ?
MM-HM.
ME AND THE TRIBESMEN
ON THE FRONT LINES ?
(Kevan) THEY DO SEEM
RATHER FEROCIOUS.
(Tyrion) FEROCIOUS ?
LAST NIGHT...A MOON
BROTHER STABBED A STONE
CROW OVER A SAUSAGE.
THREE STONE CROWS
SEIZED THE MOON BROTHER
AND OPENED HIS THROAT.
BRONN MANAGED TO KEEP
SHAGGA FROM CHOPPING OFF
THE DEAD MAN'S COCK...
WHICH WAS FORTUNATE.
BUT EVEN STILL. ULF IS
DEMANDING BLOOD MONEY...
WHICH SHAGGA AND
GUNTHOR REFUSE TO PAY.
WHEN SOLDIERS LACK
DISCIPLINE. THE FAULT LIES
WITH THEIR COMMANDER.
SURELY THERE ARE WAYS
TO HAVE ME KILLED...
THAT WOULD BE LESS
DETRIMENTAL TO
THE WAR EFFORT.
THERE'LL BE NO
MORE DISCUSSION
ON THE MATTER.
IT APPEARS I'M NOT
HUNGRY AFTER ALL.
EXCUSE ME. MY LORDS.
WHERE DID YOU FIND
ONE SO PRETTY AT THIS HOUR ?
I TOOK HER.
TOOK HER ?
FROM WHOM ?
FROM. UH...
SER--
WHAT'S HIS NAME ?
I DON'T KNOW.
GINGER CUNT.
THREE TENTS DOWN.
AND HE DIDN'T
HAVE ANYTHING
TO SAY ABOUT IT ?
HE SAID SOMETHING.
WELL. THE ODDS OF ME
LIVING LONG ENOUGH
FOR HIM TO RETALIATE...
HAVE JUST DROPPED
DRASTICALLY.
WE'LL BE AT THE
VANGUARD TOMORROW.
OH. WELL. (Sighs)
I. UH...THINK I'LL GO
AND FIND MYSELF ONE.
WHO ARE YOU ?
WHO WOULD YOU
LIKE ME TO BE ?
WHAT DID YOUR
MOTHER CALL YOU ?
SHAE. WHAT DID YOUR
MY MOTHER DIED
GIVING BIRTH TO ME.
IS THAT WHY I'M HERE ?
SO WE CAN TALK
ABOUT OUR MOTHERS ?
WHAT SORT OF ACCENT IS THAT ?
FOREIGN.
FOR...
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME ?
WHAT DO I WANT FROM YOU ?
(Sighs) I WANT YOU
TO SHARE MY TENT.
I WANT YOU TO POUR MY WINE.
LAUGH AT MY JOKES...
RUB MY LEGS WHEN THEY'RE SORE
AFTER A DAY'S RIDE.
I WANT YOU TO
TAKE NO OTHER
MAN TO BED...
FOR AS LONG AS
WE'RE TOGETHER.
AND I WANT YOU TO FUCK
ME LIKE IT'S MY LAST
NIGHT IN THIS WORLD.
WHICH IT MAY WELL BE.
AND WHAT DO I GET ?
ONE--
SAFETY.
NO ONE WILL HURT YOU
FOR AS LONG AS YOU'RE MINE.
TWO--THE PLEASURE
OF MY COMPANY...
WHICH I HAVE HEARD
IS SPECTACULAR.
WHO TOLD YOU THIS ?
WOMEN YOU PAID ?
AND THREE...
MORE GOLD THAN YOU CAN SPEND
IF YOU LIVED A THOUSAND YEARS.
DO YOU ACCEPT MY PROPOSAL ?
LET'S START WITH YOUR
LAST NIGHT IN THIS WORLD.
DOTH... DOTHRAE...
(Jorah) KHALEESI.
COME.
HE'S VERY STRONG.
NO ONE UNDERSTANDS
HOW STRONG HE IS.
(Daenerys gasps)
HE WILL DIE TONIGHT. KHALEESI.
HE CAN'T.
I WON'T LET HIM.
EVEN A QUEEN DOESN'T
HAVE THAT POWER.
WE MUST GO QUICKLY.
I'VE HEARD THERE'S A
GOOD PORT IN ASSHAI.
I WON'T LEAVE HIM.
HE'S ALREADY GONE. KHALEESI.
DOTH...
EVEN IF...
EVEN IF HE DIES...
WHY WOULD I RUN ?
I AM KHALEESI. AND MY...
MY SON WILL BE KHAL AFTER DROGO.
THIS ISN'T WESTEROS.
WHERE MEN HONOR BLOOD.
HERE THEY ONLY HONOR STRENGTH.
THERE WILL BE FIGHTING
AFTER DROGO DIES.
WHOEVER WINS THAT FIGHT
WILL BE THE NEW KHAL.
HE WON'T WANT ANY RIVALS.
YOUR BOY WILL BE PLUCKED
FROM YOUR BREAST AND
GIVEN TO THE DOGS.
I WON'T...LEAVE HIM.
THE WOUND HAS FESTERED.
I THINK YOU SHOULD WEAR
YOUR ARMOR TONIGHT. SER.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'VE SAVED ME ONCE MORE.
AND NOW YOU MUST SAVE HIM.
HE'S BEYOND THE HEALER'S SKILLS.
ALL I CAN DO IS EASE HIS PATH.
SAVE HIM AND I WILL
FREE YOU. I SWEAR IT.
YOU MUST KNOW A WAY.
SOME...
SOME MAGIC.
THERE IS A SPELL.
SOME WOULD SAY
DEATH IS CLEANER.
DO IT.
SAVE HIM.
THERE IS A PRICE.
YOU'LL HAVE GOLD.
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
IT'S NOT A MATTER OF GOLD.
THIS IS BLOODMAGIC.
ONLY DEATH PAYS FOR LIFE.
MY DEATH ?
NO. NOT YOUR
DEATH. KHALEESI.
BRING ME HIS HORSE.
(Whinnying)
KHALEESI. DO NOT DO THIS THING.
LET ME KILL THIS WITCH.
KILL HER AND YOU KILL YOUR KHAL.
THIS IS BLOODMAGIC.
IT IS FORBIDDEN.
I AM YOUR KHALEESI.
I TELL YOU WHAT
IS FORBIDDEN.
(Recites spell)
GO. NOW.
TAKE HER AND LEAVE.
UH-UH.
TAKE HER !
YOU MUST GO ALSO. LADY.
ONCE I BEGIN TO SING.
NO ONE MUST ENTER THE TENT.
THE DEAD WILL
DANCE HERE TONIGHT.
NO ONE WILL ENTER.
(Recites spell)
(Horse thuds)
BRING HIM BACK TO ME.
(Singing)
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE ?
I HAVE TO SAVE HIM.
WE COULD HAVE BEEN 10 MILES
AWAY FROM HERE BY NOW.
ON THE WAY TO ASSHAI.
YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN SAFE.
(Grunts)
(Demonic shrieking)
KHALEESI !
(Sobbing)
(Singing continues)
ARE YOU HURT ?
THE BABY...
HMM ?
...IS COMING.
FETCH THE MIDWIVES.
THEY WILL NOT COME.
THEY SAY SHE IS CURSED.
THEY'LL COME OR I'LL
HAVE THEIR HEADS.
(Groans)
THE WITCH--
SHE CAN BRING BABY.
I HEAR HER SAY SO.
(Singing. demonic bellowing)
(Singing. bellowing continues)
(Shae) ARE YOU
IN AGONY. MY LION ?
NO.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'RE IN AGONY.
THE FIRE IS BURNING
YOUR PRETTY SOFT SKIN.
AH !
(Laughter)
DAMN YOU. WOMAN.
ARE YOU IMMUNE TO PAIN ?
JUST USED TO IT.
DRINK.
(Tyrion) LET'S PLAY
A NEW GAME.
THERE'S A BRAAVOSI KNIFE
GAME I COULD TEACH YOU.
DOES IT INVOLVE THE POTENTIAL
FOR LOSING FINGERS ?
NOT IF YOU WIN.
NO !
NO FIRE GAMES. NO KNIFE GAMES.
LET'S DO SOMETHING I'M GOOD AT.
WHAT ARE YOU GOOD AT ?
I HAPPEN TO BE A GREAT
JUDGE OF CHARACTER.
THIS SOUNDS LIKE A BORING GAME.
IT'S NOT.
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS--I MAKE
A STATEMENT ABOUT YOUR PAST.
IF I'M RIGHT. YOU DRINK.
IF I'M WRONG. I DRINK.
AND NO LYING. I'LL
KNOW IF YOU'RE LYING.
I DON'T WANT TO
PLAY THIS GAME.
FINE.
BRONN FIRST.
YOUR FATHER BEAT YOU.
BUT MY MOTHER HIT HARDER.
YOU KILLED YOUR FIRST MAN
BEFORE YOU WERE 12.
IT WAS A WOMAN.
SHE SWUNG AN AXE AT ME.
YOU'VE BEEN NORTH
OF THE WALL.
WHAT BROUGHT
YOU UP THERE ?
WORK.
AND...
YOU ONCE LOVED A WOMAN
MANY YEARS AGO. BUT IT
TURNED OUT BADLY...
SO YOU'VE NEVER LET
YOURSELF LOVE AGAIN.
OH. WAIT. THAT'S ME.
YOUR TURN. MY MYSTERIOUS
FOREIGN BEAUTY.
I DON'T WANT TO PLAY.
IT'S FUN !
LOOK AT THE FUN
WE'RE HAVING.
YOUR MOTHER WAS A WHORE.
DRINK.
ALL RIGHT.
YOUR FATHER LEFT THE FAMILY
WHEN YOU WERE VERY YOUNG.
NEVER TO RETURN.
DRINK.
AND WE'VE ESTABLISHED
THE RULES ABOUT LYING ?
DRINK !
(Bronn pours)
MM.
YOU WANTED A
DIFFERENT LIFE.
YOU CAME FROM SOMEWHERE
AND YOU WANTED
TO BE ELSEWHERE.
THE WHOLE SHIT-STAINED WORLD
COULD DRINK OFF THAT ONE.
SO. SPECIFICS--
YOU WANTED TO BE ELSEWHERE.
BUT HOW WOULD YOU GET THERE ?
I DON'T BELIEVE THE
LIFE OF THE SILENT
SISTERS IS FOR YOU.
SO...WHAT'S A
LOWBORN GIRL TO DO ?
DRINK.
ARE YOU SURE...
DRINK !
AND DON'T TALK ABOUT MY
MOTHER AND FATHER EVER...
OR I WILL CARVE YOUR
EYES FROM YOUR HEAD.
MY DEAR LADY. IF I
HAVE OFFENDED YOU.
I APOLOGIZE.
MY TURN.
FINE. FINE.
ASK AWAY.
TRY TO PENETRATE THE
ENIGMA THAT IS ME.
WHO WERE YOU IN LOVE WITH ?
THAT'S NOT HOW THE GAME WORKS.
I DON'T CARE THE
WAY THE GAME WORKS.
OUR LORD HERE
USED TO BE MARRIED.
MARRIED ?
HOW DID YOU HEAR THAT ?
YOU HEAR LOTS OF THINGS
PLAYING DICE WITH
LANNISTER SOLDIERS.
ANOTHER NIGHT. PERHAPS.
NOT ANOTHER NIGHT.
THIS NIGHT.
IT'S NOT A PLEASANT STORY.
OH. MAYBE I WILL CRY.
I'M GUESSING THE LADY AND I
CAN TELL MORE UNPLEASANT
STORIES THAN YOUR LORDSHIP.
SO...
I WAS 16.
MY BROTHER JAIME
AND I WERE RIDING.
WHEN WE HEARD A SCREAM.
SHE RAN OUT ONTO THE ROAD.
CLOTHES HALF TORN OFF.
WITH TWO MEN ON HER HEELS.
JAIME SCARED AWAY THE
MEN EASILY ENOUGH. WHILE
I WRAPPED HER IN MY CLOAK.
SHE WAS TOO SCARED TO
SEND OFF ON HER OWN...
SO WHILE JAIME HUNTED
DOWN THE RAPERS...
I TOOK HER TO THE
NEAREST INN AND FED HER.
HER NAME WAS TYSHA.
SHE WAS A
WHEELWRIGHT'S ORPHAN.
AND SHE WAS HUNGRY.
TOGETHER WE FINISHED
OFF THREE CHICKENS
AND A FLAGON OF WINE.
IMPOSSIBLE AS IT SEEMS.
THERE WAS A TIME WHEN I
WAS UNACCUSTOMED TO WINE.
I FORGOT HOW AFRAID
I WAS AROUND GIRLS...
HOW I WAS ALWAYS WAITING
FOR THEM TO LAUGH AT ME OR...
LOOK AWAY EMBARRASSED...
OR ASK ME ABOUT MY TALL.
HANDSOME BROTHER.
I FORGOT ABOUT
EVERYTHING BUT TYSHA.
AND SOMEHOW I FOUND
MYSELF IN HER BED.
FOR THREE CHICKENS.
I SHOULD HOPE SO.
IT DIDN'T LAST LONG.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT
THE HELL I WAS DOING.
BUT SHE WAS GOOD TO ME.
SHE KISSED ME AFTERWARDS AND...
SANG ME A SONG.
AND BY MORNING I WAS
DEEP ENOUGH IN LOVE
TO ASK FOR HER HAND.
A FEW LIES.
A FEW GOLD COINS.
ONE DRUNKEN SEPTON...
AND THERE YOU HAVE IT--
MAN AND WIFE.
FOR A FORTNIGHT ANYWAY.
UNTIL THE SEPTON SOBERED
UP AND TOLD MY FATHER.
WELL. I IMAGINE THAT
WAS THE END OF ALL THAT.
NOT QUITE.
FIRST. MY FATHER HAD JAIME
TELL ME THE TRUTH.
THE GIRL WAS A
WHORE. YOU SEE.
JAIME HAD ARRANGED THE
WHOLE THING--THE ROAD.
THE RAPERS. ALL OF IT.
HE THOUGHT IT WAS
TIME I HAD A WOMAN.
AFTER MY BROTHER CONFESSED...
MY FATHER BROUGHT IN MY WIFE...
AND GAVE HER TO HIS GUARDS.
HE PAID HER WELL--
A SILVER FOR EACH MAN.
HOW MANY WHORES COMMAND
THAT KIND OF PRICE ?
HE BROUGHT ME INTO THE
BARRACKS AND MADE ME WATCH.
BY THE END. SHE HAD
SO MUCH SILVER...
THAT THE COINS
WERE SLIPPING
THROUGH HER FINGERS...
AND ROLLING ON TO THE FLOOR.
I WOULD HAVE KILLED THE
MAN WHO DID THAT TO ME.
YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
SHE WAS A WHORE.
REALLY ?
I WAS 16. DRUNK
AND IN LOVE.
A GIRL WHO WAS
ALMOST RAPED...
DOESN'T INVITE
ANOTHER MAN INTO HER
BED TWO HOURS LATER.
AS I SAID.
I WAS YOUNG AND STUPID.
YOU ARE STILL YOUNG AND STUPID.
(Kissing)
(Galloping hoofbeats)
HYAH !
(Horse neighs)
(Distant shouting)
(Clattering)
WHAT IS IT ? WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
YOU'RE SLEEPING THROUGH THE WAR.
WHAT ?
THEY STOLE A NIGHT'S
MARCH ON US.
THEY'RE A MILE NORTH.
GET MY SQUIRE !
YOU DON'T HAVE A SQUIRE.
IF I DIE. WEEP FOR ME.
YOU'LL BE DEAD.
HOW WILL YOU KNOW ?
I'LL KNOW.
WATCH OUT ! MOVE !
OUT OF THE WAY !
MOVE ASIDE !
(Neighing)
STAY LOW.
STAY LOW ?
IF YOU'RE LUCKY.
NO ONE WILL NOTICE YOU.
I WAS BORN LUCKY.
TRIBESMEN OF THE VALE...
GATHER ROUND !
STONE CROWS !
BLACK EARS !
BURNED MEN !
MOON BROTHERS !
(Man) AND PAINTED DOGS !
AND PAINTED DOGS !
(Men) PAINTED DOGS !
YOUR DOMINION OVER
THE VALE BEGINS NOW !
ONWARD. TO CLAIM
WHAT IS YOURS !
HALF MAN ! HALF MAN !
(All) HALF MAN ! HALF MAN !
TO BATTLE !
(Yelling)
(Horse neighing. echoes)
(Muffled shouts)
(Wagon rumbling)
(Bronn) YOU'RE A SHIT WARRIOR.
I'M ALIVE ?
YOU'RE ALIVE.
DID WE WIN ?
WE WOULDN'T BE HAVING
THIS CONVERSATION IF WE DIDN'T.
(Screaming)
(Blades slashing)
(Men screaming)
HOW DID OUR TRIBESMEN DO ?
YEAH. GOOD.
(Tyrion) IT'S NICE TO
SEE THEM GETTING ALONG.
(Tywin) YOU'RE WOUNDED.
GOOD OF YOU TO NOTICE.
I HEAR WE WON.
HUH ! THE SCOUTS WERE WRONG.
THERE WERE 2.000 STARK
BANNERMEN. NOT 20.
DID WE GET THE STARK
BOY. AT LEAST ?
HE WASN'T HERE.
WHERE WAS HE ?
WITH HIS OTHER
18.000 MEN.
AND WHERE ARE THEY ?
WE SHOULD GO. MY LADY.
NO !
MY LADY !
(Neighing)
HYAH ! HYAH !
(Pants. grunts)
BY THE TIME THEY KNEW
WHAT WAS HAPPENING.
IT HAD ALREADY HAPPENED.
LADY STARK. I'D OFFER
YOU MY SWORD. BUT I
SEEM TO HAVE LOST IT.
IT IS NOT YOUR SWORD I WANT.
GIVE ME MY DAUGHTERS BACK.
GIVE ME MY HUSBAND.
I'VE LOST THEM TOO.
I'M AFRAID.
(Theon) KILL HIM. ROBB.
SEND HIS HEAD TO HIS FATHER.
HE CUT DOWN TEN OF
OUR MEN. YOU SAW HIM.
HE'S MORE USE TO US
ALIVE THAN DEAD.
(Catelyn) TAKE HIM AWAY
AND PUT HIM IN IRONS.
WE COULD END THIS
WAR RIGHT NOW. BOY...
SAVE THOUSANDS OF LIVES.
YOU FIGHT FOR THE STARKS.
I FIGHT FOR THE LANNISTERS.
SWORDS OR LANCES.
TEETH. NAILS--
CHOOSE YOUR WEAPONS
AND LET'S END THIS
HERE AND NOW.
IF WE DO IT YOUR WAY.
KINGSLAYER...YOU'D WIN.
WE'RE NOT DOING
IT YOUR WAY.
(Greatjon) COME ON.
PRETTY MAN.
(Laughter. cheering)
I SENT 2.000 MEN TO
THEIR GRAVES TODAY.
THE BARDS WILL SING
SONGS OF THEIR SACRIFICE.
AYE. BUT THE DEAD
WON'T HEAR THEM.
ONE VICTORY DOES NOT
MAKE US CONQUERORS.
DID WE FREE MY FATHER ?
DID WE RESCUE MY
SISTERS FROM THE QUEEN ?
DID WE FREE THE NORTH
FROM THOSE WHO WANT
US ON OUR KNEES ?
THIS WAR IS FAR FROM OVER.
(Bell tolling)
COULD I HAVE ONE ?
A LEMON ONE...
OR ANY OF THEM.
THREE COPPERS.
HOW ABOUT A NICE FAT PIGEON ?
OH. PISS OFF NOW. GO ON.
DO YOU HAVE ANY STALE
ONES FROM YESTERDAY ?
OR ANY BURNT ONES ?
PISS OFF !
HEY. WHERE'S EVERYONE GOING ?
WHAT'S HAPPENING ?
THEY'RE TAKING
HIM TO THE SEPT
OF BAELOR.
WHO ?
THE HAND OF THE KING.
(Crowd clamoring)
(Clamoring intensifies)
(Jeering)
TRAITOR !
COWARD !
(Ned mutters) BAELOR.
BAELOR !
TRAITOR ! TRAITOR !
(Crowd quietens)
I AM EDDARD STARK...
LORD OF WINTERFELL...
AND HAND OF THE KING.
I COME BEFORE YOU TO
CONFESS MY TREASON...
IN THE SIGHT OF GODS AND MEN.
I BETRAYED THE
FAITH OF MY KING...
AND THE TRUST OF
MY FRIEND ROBERT.
I SWORE TO PROTECT AND
DEFEND HIS CHILDREN.
BUT BEFORE HIS
BLOOD WAS COLD...
I PLOTTED TO MURDER HIS SON...
AND SEIZE THE THRONE FOR MYSELF.
(Jeering. clamoring)
LET THE HIGH SEPTON AND
BAELOR THE BLESSED BEAR
WITNESS TO WHAT I SAY...
JOFFREY BARATHEON...
IS THE ONE TRUE HEIR
TO THE IRON THRONE...
BY THE GRACE OF
ALL THE GODS...
LORD OF THE SEVEN KINGDOMS...
AND PROTECTOR OF THE REALM.
(Crowd jeering)
(Gasps)
AS... AS WE SIN...
SO DO WE SUFFER.
THIS MAN HAS CONFESSED
HIS CRIMES...
IN SIGHT OF GODS AND MEN.
THE GODS ARE JUST...
BUT BELOVED BAELOR
TAUGHT US...
THEY CAN ALSO
BE MERCIFUL.
WHAT IS TO BE DONE WITH
THIS TRAITOR. YOUR GRACE ?
(Jeering. catcalls)
MY MOTHER WISHES ME
TO LET LORD EDDARD
JOIN THE NIGHT'S WATCH.
STRIPPED OF ALL TITLES
AND POWERS...
HE WOULD SERVE THE REALM
IN PERMANENT EXILE.
AND MY LADY SANSA...
HAS BEGGED MERCY
FOR HER FATHER.
BUT THEY HAVE THE
SOFT HEARTS OF WOMEN.
SO LONG AS I AM
YOUR KING...
TREASON SHALL NEVER
GO UNPUNISHED.
SER ILYN...
BRING ME HIS HEAD !
NO !
(Crowd roars)
SOMEONE STOP HIM !
MY SON. THIS IS MADNESS.
(Slynt) PUT HIM DOWN !
DON'T LOOK !
LET ME GO ! LET ME GO !
SHUT YOUR MOUTH !
LOOK AT ME ! LOOK AT ME !
STOP ! DADDY ! STOP !
NO ! NO !
(Crowd) TRAITOR !
(Sansa) STOP !
STOP HIM ! STOP !
(Clamoring fades)
(Breathes slowly)
(Wings fluttering)